I glanced at his tape-bound book—it was literally bound with
a piece of tape! It wasn’t much to look at, but I noticed that he had
already garnered impressive testimonials from people who were
saying that his work had changed, and in some cases, saved their
lives.
Maybe it was pure instinct, but something told me there was
something special here. I looked up from his homemade book and
said, “Yes, this looks good. I’ll send it to my publisher.” The look
on his face was priceless. To say he was surprised would be like
saying the Grand Canyon is a pretty big hole.
After Noah’s first book came out, he and I continued to stay in
touch. As I watched him grow and touch more and more people
through his seminars and coaching programs, I felt like a proud
papa—seeing my young protégé expand his reach and help tens of
thousands of people around the world.
With the release of this new book, The Secret Code of Success,
I feel that Noah is about to take the leap into true greatness. Few

times in a generation does someone come along with a way of look-
ing at a question as old as, “Why do so many people hold themselves

back from the success they’re capable of?” and come up with an answer
that is at once so simple and yet so powerful.
But even more importantly, the way Noah solves this problem

will allow you—no matter how rich or poor, how happy or un-
happy, how stuck or successful you already are—to get your foot

off the brake and allow yourself to succeed at higher levels in your
life, career, and relationships than you’ve ever experienced before.
No matter what area of your life you want to improve—whether
you want to make more money, enjoy more time off, have better

relationships, improve your productivity, lose weight, or gain self-
confidence—Noah will not only help you to achieve your goals . . .

he’ll show you how to reach them faster, easier, and with far less
effort than you’re spending now!
It’s not often that someone you meet makes such a difference
in your life, and moreover, helps you make more of a difference in
The Three Percenters understand the importance of saying no even
when other people are demanding a yes. Often simply having the
correct phrases at your fingertips can help, because then you don’t
have to make something up on the spot. Use these key phrases as a
starting point for Finding Your Interpersonal No: